PERF: refactor atef.bin cli entrypoint to defer imports (#256)
pcdshub/atef: docs/source/upcoming_release_notes/256-perf_cli.rst

256 perf_cli
############

API Breaks
----------
- N/A

Features
--------
- N/A

Bugfixes
--------
- N/A

Maintenance
-----------

> - improves the performance of the CLI entrypoint, defering functional imports as longas possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- improves the performance of the CLI entrypoint, deferring functional imports as long as possible
```
